DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: So you're alive, huh?
DAN: Barodius?
DRAGO: What?
BARODIUS: No. Barodius is dead and now...
the mighty Mag Mel lives.
BARODIUS: It's time for you, to say goodnight, Kuso.
MARUCHO: Too much has happened to explain...
everything right now. What we need to focus on...
is getting the Battlers trapped inside of here,
out as soon as possible, but I'm going to need your help.
MARUCHO: Here's the plan...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Interspace Armageddon
MARUCHO: I'm going to completely delete...
Bakugan Interspace!
MARUCHO: If Mag Mel has been using the energy...
from the Bakugan Battles to fuel his re-birth,
and is now planning to use Interspace...
as his portal to Earth then we need to find a way...
to render him helpless, and the best way to do this is...
to wipe out Interspace. I know it sounds drastic,
but we have to eradicate any chance of him getting loose...
and taking over Earth.
ROBIN: Well, it makes sense.
BEN: But what about us then?
JACK: Yeah Marucho, won't we be wiped out too?
MARUCHO: As we speak, my father and Kato...
are working with a team of top engineers and programmers...
to reboot one of the emergency access points.
MARUCHO: Once they're successful we'll slip through,
and back to Earth. And then when we're all safe,
we'll initiate the deletion program.
TRISTAR: We better move quickly and quietly,
otherwise Mag Mel might get hip to the plan,
and sneak out too.
SHUN: There's a chance that because he's lurking...
in Bakugan Interspace's dark reverse dimension,
by deleting the Main Interspace we might...
RAFE: I see! You're thinking we can wipe him out...
right along with Interspace aren't you?
MARUCHO: Maybe, but either way the deletion program is...
so massive, once we launch it, it can't be stopped.
MARUCHO: There's just no turning back this time, everyone okay?
DRAGO: Are you sure about this Marucho?
Interspace is your creation after all.
Can you really just give it up so easily?
MARUCHO: This isn't a decision I made easily.
Bakugan Interspace was a labour of love,
but unfortunately, I just don't see anyway around this.
Right now it's our only choice...sadly.
DAN: Don't worry. We'll get rid of Mag Mel,
then help you rebuild Interspace better than ever.
SHUN: Mmm-hmm.
MARUCHO: Operation Interspace Armageddon is now a go!
[multiple roars]
PAIGE: Ability activate!
PAIGE: Burst Quench!
PAIGE: Hmmph! That wasn't so tough!
[multiple roars]
PAIGE: Whoa! I never expected them to regroup so fast!
BOULDERON: Let's get outta here!
DRAGO: We should fall back too.
DAN: Sounds good.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Marucho! It's Dan. Do you read me?
MARUCHO: I read you loud and clear, Dan. What's up?
DAN: We're under attack. We'll keep the Chaos Bakugan...
occupied while you guys gather the remaining battlers,
and get them to the access point.
Do whatever you can to stay under the radar dude,
'cos if they catch us our plan is toast.
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaah!
DAN: Looks like we've got about an hour before activation.
DAN: Let's see how much damage we can do before then.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaahhh!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Slash Tornado!
DYLAN: I'll never understand these humans.
All the work that went into building this place...
and they just let it go up in smoke just like that.
DYLAN: Well, let's see if it's as easy to leave...
Interspace behind as they think it is.
DYLAN: [chuckle]
DAN: You made it Marucho!
MARUCHO: Of course we did.
MARUCHO: This is everyone.
The last remaining Battlers in Interspace.
BATTLER A: Are you sure we can get out of here,
for real this time you guys?
BATTLER B: Yeah right! Where's the access point, huh?
[countdown beeps]
MARUCHO: Here it comes you guys!
KYOSUKE: Ready?
KATO: Emergency Access Point activate!
CROWD OF BATTLERS: Whoooooaaa!
NOAH: It's working!
KATO: And now we'll activate the deletion program.
DAN: And there goes part two of the plan.
MARUCHO: That's right. Which means we only have...
about twenty-minutes until deletion is complete.
MARUCHO: Let's get a move on, people!
[explosion]
CROWD OF BATTLERS: [screams, frightened reax]
PAIGE: We've got company!
DAN: But how? There's just no way...
they could have followed us here!
DYLAN: They didn't have to, Dan.
DYLAN: You lot have become so predicable...
it wouldn't have been very hard for them...
to guess where to find you. [chuckle]
DYLAN: Plus I told them!
DAN: Dylan, you creep!
DYLAN: Oh please. Was I supposed to...
just let you guys destroy me too?
[multiple roars]
CROWD OF BATTLERS: [gasp]
DAN: Okay you guys, listen up, we didn't come this far...
to just give up, you understand?
DAN: Let's fight!
ALL: Right on!
ALL: Bakugan Brawl!
KATO: No one's come through the access point yet,
and the synch rate is dropping!
KYOSUKE: What's happening Kato?
CHRIS: Go, Darkus Clawsaurus! Attack!
CHRIS: No way! It's...it's a Mechtogan!
Ability activate Land Sonic!
SOON: Ability activate!
Starring Arrow!
CHRIS: Huh? Oh man!
SOON: Why didn't it work?
SHUN: Stay strong, guys!
SOON and CHRIS: Okay, Shun!
ROBIN: Ability activate!
ROBIN: Omnipole!
ROBIN: Come on. Hit it, Ben!
BEN: Ability activate!
Tetrablaster!
JACK: [laughter] My turn!
Ability activate!
JACK: Slopeton!
JACK: Okay, your turn, Noah!
NOAH: You bet!
NOAH: Ability activate!
Tetrablaster!
NOAH: That's what I'm talking about!
ROBIN: What happened?
ROBIN: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh!
JACK: Oh snap!
BEN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: You'll pay for that!
Haaaaaaah!
DAN: Oh man! They combined!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] A mutate attack?
PAIGE: Hit 'em where it counts Boulderon!
RAFE: You heard the lady, Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: In the name of the Castle Knights,
I will not yield!
BOULDERON: Yeah! What he said!
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
TRISTAR: These guys are awful strong!
MARUCHO: Fight back, guys!
Just be quick about it. We're running out of time.
KYOSUKE: Marucho?
SOON: We're not strong enough!
CHRIS: There's no way we can fight them off this time!
TAYLEAN: We're outmatched by all of these Mechtogan.
SHUN: Not for long!
Come Silent Strike!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy ground impact]
BEN: Chop, chop, guys!
SOON: Quickly! This way!
KATO: We're increasing the transport signal...
to maximum, sir!
KYOSUKE: Yeeeeaaaaaah!
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: Not again!
[laser blasts]
DAN: Whoa!
SHUN: Intense!
DRAGO: What's that up there?
[computer beeps and trills]
DYLAN: Well, well! The surprises never stop in this place!
DAN: Who's that?
RAFE: I don't know. I haven't got the slightest clue.
HELIOS: [laughter]
ALL: [gasp]
HELIOS: I suppose I should introduce you to my Mechtogan.
SPECTRA: This is becoming a habit with you Battle Brawlers.
DAN: Spectra!
DRAGO: Helios!
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar]
HELIOS: Stand back Drago, while I unleash my Mechtogan!
DAN: Hurry Drago, before we get deleted!
HELIOS: Crush them like insects, Slynix!
HELIOS: Battle Warrior!
HELIOS: Mechtogan or not, I will destroy all...
who stand in my way!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaah!
DAN: That was a nice one, Spectra!
SPECTRA: You sound surprised. It is me remember?
DAN: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Ability activate, hah!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
SPECTRA: Rangrok Buster!
HELIOS: This one's gonna hurt real bad!
Haaaaaah!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Destroy Quasar!
HELIOS: What's this?
HELIOS: What's happening?
SPECTRA: Helios!
DYLAN: Interesting, mutated Krowl Krakenoid...
has activated Haos Hydrar.
DYLAN: What a bummer!
DRAGO: Hold on, Helios! I'm coming!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
[heavy ground imact]
[metallic punch impact]
DRAGO: Whoa!
[computer beeps and trills]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DYLAN: I wonder what this frenzy is all about.
[energy crackling]
RAFE: It's a portal!
SHUN: Ya, they're trying to bring Mag Mel over here.
DAN: Seriously?
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
DRAGO: Perhaps we should mutate too.
DAN: Huh?
RAFE: We could use Drago's powers to help combine...
he and another Bakugan together,
then release their collective energy.
If we picked a Bakugan whose power matched...
Drago's then together they'd be unstoppable.
But they need to be in synch.
DAN: Spectra?
SPECTRA: Hmmmph, I'm game if you are, Dan.
HELIOS: [mighty roar] DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Haaaaaaaah! DAN: Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Mutate Morph!
DRAGO: Are you ready to do this with me, Helios?
HELIOS: You bet your life.
DRAGO: I'm glad we could overcome our past differences,
and come together to destroy our true common enemy Mag Mel.
HELIOS: Hmmmph! Together, you and I will be truly,
invincible my friend.
DRAGO: Here we go!
Revolutional plus Werfer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
[huge ground impact]
HELIOS: Hehehe! Drago never disappoints.
Haaaaah!
HELIOS: Destroy Quasar plus Dragon Force Striker!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaah!
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar] DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[explosion]
DAN: That's it, guys!
SPECTRA: Well put.
DRAGO: We did it.
HELIOS: I told you. We're invincible.
SHUN: Does this mean Spectra and Helios...
are both Brawlers now?
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
HELIOS: What's wrong, Drago?
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: Sorry, Dan. I guess morphing with Helios...
took more out of me than I expected.
CHRIS: We made it!
SOON: We did!
KYOSUKE: Marucho! Thank goodness you made it back...
in one piece.
MARUCHO: We owe it all to you and Kato, father!
RAFE: Dan and Spectra are coming next.
PAIGE: Alright, then we're good!
MARUCHO: Awesome!
KATO: I'm receiving readings that something...
is seriously wrong in Bakugan Interspace.
HELIOS: More Mechtogan!
SPECTRA: It looks like Mag Mel is trying to overrun us...
with Mechtogan so we can't escape from Bakugan Interspace.
HELIOS: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Helios!
HELIOS: Get out of here Drago!
SPECTRA: Hmmph! We'll take care of this.
DAN: Huh? You can't do this alone!
SPECTRA: Don't be so dramatic.
We're just giving you guys a head start.
SPECTRA: We'll catch up soon.
DAN: [gasp] Spectra!
DRAGO: Helios!
HELIOS: Hmmph!
DAN: Spectraaaaaa!
HELIOS: How is it that we always wind up...
cleaning up the Brawlers' mess?
SPECTRA: Just luck...I guess, but they saved us in the past,
so it's the least we can do.
HELIOS: Hmmph.
HELIOS: Let's do thiiiiiiiis!
SPECTRA: Mag Mel is finished!
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar]
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Dan!
DAN: Spectra! He's still there!
SHUN: What happened?
DRAGO: Mag Mel. That's what!
[alarm buzzers]
[crystals tinkling]
HELIOS: You're welcome, Drago!
DYLAN: Well, I can't say it wasn't a blast while it lasted.
Later!
SHUN: I can't believe Interspace is just gone.
MARUCHO: Spectra...
DAN: Oh man! They saved us and we just left them behind!
DAN: Those guys were our friends.
DRAGO: Dan...
KATO: Oh my goodness. I can't believe it.
CROWD: [gasps, frightened reax]
BYSTANDER #1: Is that what I think it is?
BYSTANDER #2: A dark moon?
DAN: It's Mag Mel!
DRAGO: I can feel him. He must have figured out a way...
to open the portal between the dark reverse dimension...
of Interspace and Earth.
SHUN: And I think we're the ones who helped him do it.
MARUCHO: You mean he used the energy produced...
by the deletion program as it wiped out Interspace? Oh no!
RAZENOID: I can already taste the tears of those...
that we're about to destroy!
MAG MEL: They may seem sweet but nothing will compare...
to what comes next.
MAG MEL: The complete and utter destruction of Earth!
[explosion]
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
DAN: After we transported through the emergency access
point back home and then destroyed Bakugan Interspace
with a deletion program, we thought for sure
we were rid of Mag Mel for good.
Turns out, we actually helped him to escape.
So now he's reborn and he's come to Earth to destroy it.
But there's no way we're gonna let that happen.
Mag Mel is even saying that thanks to us
he has unlimited power and is unstoppable.
But there has to be a way we can crush this clown
once and for all, right? So maybe you should
tune in to check it out for yourself.
One thing's for sure, the action's gonna be
crazy intense, because there's no way
we're going down without a fight!
\u266a [MUSIC]